Adding Url class. Parsed object is now an instanceof Url (#22)
GoogleChromeLabs/native-url: README.md

```js
const url = require('native-url');

url.parse('https://example.com').host; // example.com
url.parse('/?a=b', true).query; // { a: 'b' }
```

### Usage with Webpack

> When you use the `url` module, webpack bundles [`node-url`](https://githu b.com/defunctzombie/node-url) for the browser. You can alias webpack to use `native-url` instead, saving around 7.5kB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the `url` module, webpack bundles [`node-url`](https://github.com/defunctzombie/node-url) for the browser. You can alias webpack to use `native-url` instead, saving around 7.5kB:
```
